FormShare 2.0
=========
Version 2.0 is in Alpha stage.  I am putting together all the bits... so hang in there!

Version 0.1 Alpha
---------------
This is the first commit. 
- Built using Pyramid
- Extensibility system using plugins (PyUtilib Component Architecture)
- CSS/JS Resource Injection
- Landing page
- Registration
- Login
- Profile (under development)
- Edit profile


Want to see it?
---------------
- Clone the repository
    git clone https://github.com/qlands/FormShare.git -b master-2.0 formshare

- Create a Python virtual environment.

    - python3 -m venv formshare_env
    - . ./formshare_env

- Change directory into formshare.

    - cd formshare

- Upgrade packaging tools.

    - pip install --upgrade pip
    - pip install wheel

- Install the project in editable mode.

    - pip install -r requirements.txt
    - pip install -e .
    

- Configure the database.

    - edit development.ini (Tested in MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server and PostgresSQL)
    - edit alembic.ini
    - alembic upgrade head
    - create_superuser
    

- Run formshare.

    gunicorn --paste development.ini

Want to extend it?
---------------

See https://github.com/qlands/formshare-cookiecutter-plugin

If you load the plugin generated by cookiecutter the plugin will:
- Set a different tittle in the landing page
- Add a new public access page at /mypublicview
- Add a new private access page at /user/{userid}/myprivateview
- Extend the main navigation bar with a link to /user/{userid}/myprivateview

With plugins you will be able to extend FormShare to any personal need. For example, in this version, you can modify the authentication mechanism to authenticate against your company's universal login system. 
